♪ ♪
You know,
when you said that you wanted
to hit the courts,
I thought you meant
the basketball court,
not the food court.
Basketball?
What kind of father-son bonding
would that be?
Wait. Then why are you
wearing workout clothes?
'Cause it absorbs
the meat sweats.
And we are gonna sweat,
believe you me.
Oh. Sh... Mm.
(line ringing)
All right,
give me a second here.
Hey, sweetie, make it quick.
I'm headed into a tunnel.
Listen, I need you
to pick something
up for me while you're
still at the mall.
Sure, babe. Whatever you need.
It's a bra,
and it's from The Pink Drawer.
No way. You're on your own.
Tim, come on!
I ruined Sam's favorite bra
in the wash,
and I need to replace it
before she finds out.
Look, you want me
to pick out a bra? Me?
I'm the guy who can't even say
"angina" without giggling.
(giggles)
See that? And I'm a doctor,
Heather, and I have angina!
(giggles)
Tim, come on, okay?
She is gonna yell at me.
I am so afraid of her.
Fine. Just text me the details.
You know
I'll do anything for you.
Your mom needs you to pick out
a bra for your sister.
What?
One Super Funnel
and one Chunnel Funnel, please.
You want anything?
Can I just get some fruit?
Never have kids.
Makes you have to do a bunch
of stuff you don't want to do.
This isn't a big deal.
Maybe you could stand
to actually
engage with
the female experience
instead of letting it
be a mystery to you.
(laughs) You watch a baby
explode out of your wife,
and then tell me the female
experience isn't a mystery.
Look, it's fine.
I'll take care of it.
Uh-huh.
-What happened?
-It's all women in there.
No doy! It's a bra shop.
Yes, but I cannot invade
their personal female space
with my maleness.
Women get so few
public safe spaces.
All right, look, hey,
huddle up, huddle up.
You cannot huddle
with two people.
This is just hugging.
Listen, we set out today
to spend some quality time
together.
Now let's get in there
and do it.
Hi. Can I help you
with something?
You're right.
I shouldn't be here.
Are you lost?
My dad needs to buy a bra.
I'll be over there honoring
the space, but not invading it.
Uh...
Anyway, I need a bra.
Okay, well, you look like
you're about a 40A.
-Measure you...
-Oh, no, no, no, it's not
for me.
-Oh.
-(giggles) No. Thank you
for the "A," though.
Um, I need a Chloe bra,
uh, in nude, size 32B.
Okay, well, this is
the Chloe line right here.
Oh. Wow.
You want a racerback,
a front clasp or T-shirt?
I know I need nude.
Demi? Full coverage?
I just need to get nude.
I mean, just go get nude.
I mean, just... I need a bra.
Okay.
(quietly):
Yes. Dudes.
It's so hard to be an affront
to femininity, am I right, guys?
Dude, don't make this weird.
Just read ESPN.
Don't look up.
(scoffs)
There's too many options here.
I'm in way over my head!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Babe, don't panic.
Listen, if you can find
a peach-pear in the middle
of a bowl of Jelly Bellys,
you can find me this bra.
Why don't you just
take a picture of it
and then you send it to me, and
I'll let you know if it's right.
There... we go.
(camera clicking)
So, I've got a few options...
Yeah, that's it right there.
That's nice.
-(camera clicks)
-Yeah.
(chuckles)
Oh. No, my wife told me
to do this.
Of course. So I got
a few options that, uh,
"your wife" might
be interested in.
See, I feel like you
said that with air quotes,
and that's kind of hurtful.
Mom?
(gasps loudly)
Mom, there was
a boy right there,
and now he knows I have boobs!
Well, there's nothing wrong
with that.
I mean, there...
Maybe there is. I don't know.
Well, whichever's
less offensive.
Told you not to look up.
Okay, this one is unlined.
Did you need lined?
I just know I need nude.
What's the difference?
Well, it depends if you need
extra thickness
for nipple protrusion.
Uh... does your sister
have nipple protrusion?
Are you seriously
asking me that?
Her mother does.
Does that run in families?
-I don't think
I can ever unhear that.
-You know what?
-I'll take 'em all.
I'm done. Let's move on.
-Okay.
-Everything I've shown you?
-Yes!
All the bras, every single bra.
Here's my card.
-This is great.
-Pick something out
for yourself.
-Thank you.
-I don't care. Just put it
in a Foot Locker bag
and get us out of here.
Oh. This bra comes
with a free pair of panties.
We're kind of in a rush
to get out of here, so...
It's a free pair of panties.
Why don't you want it?
(chuckles) All right,
go pick out a pair of panties.
Do I have to?
Son, I said go pick out
a pair of panties!
(giggles)
Hey. Huddle up.
If looking like a pervert
is what it takes
to get some quality bonding time
with my son, then you count me
as the most depraved pervert
in this whole damn town.
(sighs) Thanks, Dad.
Maybe next weekend, you can come
to that art gallery
opening with me.
Nah.
Okay.
-Did you get my e-mail?
-Mm-hmm.
I'm hoping to revive the
tradition of a family cookbook,
and I was gonna ask you
for a recipe.
I know you don't cook,
but it could be anything,
anything at all, something easy.
Like, I've heard your scrambled
eggs are diner quality.
Yeah, they sure are.
So is my career in law.
Everything about me,
really, is diner quality.
Wonderful. And don't forget
the story behind the recipe.
You know, like how you can
cook scrambled eggs.
She always twists that knife
right at the end.
Mm-hmm.
I mean,
who has a family cookbook?
You know how
my family shows love?
By fighting over who pays the
check at Chinese restaurants.
Well, so then don't put
in a recipe.
I mean, you don't have
anything to prove.
Yeah, but then there won't
be any recipe from us.
I mean, what's Lark gonna
think? That her mom can't cook?
I want her to learn that
from the garbage I serve her,
not from some book.
Okay, well,
then let's just try and look
for a recipe for something
that we love, you know?
Oh, like the, uh, the
She-Crab soup from Maribella's.
Yeah, but isn't that,
like, cheating?
Well, I mean, it's fudging
the truth a little bit.
Like that 10K we said we ran.
We bought the shirts
to prove that we were there.
That soup is what we had
on our first date.
-Yeah.
-Right?
So, when Lark reads
this recipe in the book,
she'll know that it represents
something special to us.
That we were willing to lie
to make her feel
a part of something.
-Yeah.
-I'm into it.
Okay. Only problem is, we can't
take my parents to Maribella's.
Mm-hmm. I'm into it.
GREG:
Okay, we're here.
-What's the big surprise?
-Oh, you're here!
-I've got a big surprise!
-JEN: Yeah.
I feel like we've established
there's a surprise.
Oh. Well, Jen,
I-I was so touched
by the recipe that you sent
-and the story behind it.
-Oh.
You know,
your "booba" Luba Svanya.
Bubbe.
-Bubbe.
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
-Bubbe Luba Svanya.
-Yeah, that's it.
-You know,
hiding from the Russians
-and the boxes of crabs.
-Right.
Boy, she had to have thick skin
in more ways than one.
Anyway, I was so eager
to taste the soup
that I got a case of crabs.
What?
From a fisherman. In Maryland.
What are you talking about?
(grunts)
I've got crabs!
I'm so excited to learn
from you.
How do you make your roux?
Hmm.
Well, uh, obviously, Mom,
it-it starts with a pot.
And it starts with a crab.
Ah.
(quietly):
No?
Uh, well, no.
A traditional roux,
you thicken the flour
with some butter and milk
on a low flame.
-Sure.
-Right? I mean,
I don't know how your...
your bubbe did it, but...
Yeah, and a-actually, you know,
it was my great-great bubbe.
My-my... "grubbe."
And your great-great grubbe,
she wasn't concerned that...
that the crab wasn't kosher?
The rabbi gave her a waiver.
-Ah. Right. Right.
-Mm-hmm.
Add one clove of garlic.
One clove.
Or one entire head of garlic
with the skin still on.
Oh, it's so rustic.
Ah.
Next is dry sherry.
Ooh!
I have some in the bathroom.
How do I dry sherry?
It's liquid.
It's an adjective, honey.
Sherry is dry.
Like Arizona or your wit.
-Oh.
-Yeah, okay?
You're smart.
-You're an attorney.
You got this.
-Yeah. Yeah.
We got this.
Yeah.
Got it.
Great. Oh.
(chuckles)
Wow.
Oh, wow. The seeds and all.
There's a tag on that one,
honey.
It is rustic.
Great.
Voilà.
Okay.
(chuckles softly)
Oh, my God, it's delicious!
Mmm.
It is!
This is, like,
the best thing I've ever made,
other than Lark.
This is probably better.
You guys, I cooked.
And it's good!
From her Russian soul to yours.
Oh.
(chuckles)
Dodged that bullet.
(clears throat)
Okay, you just have
to stay with them
until Tyler and
Clementine get back.
You want me to babysit?
I thought the whole point
of having three kids
was to make your own babysitter.
Yeah, well, normally Sam would
do it, but she's grounded
because she came home late
from a boy's party.
I told you, I wasn't late.
I was on time because I don't
follow daylight savings.
I ain't no farmer.
All right, girls,
grab your coats
and anything else
you feel lucky with.
-We're going to the track.
-Oh, whoa.
Hey, no, no, no, no. You
can't take them to the track.
No, this one is grounded,
and Sophia is showing
addictive tendencies.
Says the woman with a purse
full of scratchers.
Everyone's at hashtag
"Madison's White Party" but me.
This Madison's a racist?
No, Pop-Pop. A white party just
means you have to wear white.
Oh, yeah. I got tricked
into one of those once.
Trust me, it was racist.
Hang on a second.
I thought you hated Madison.
Why would you even want
to go to her dumb party?
Jenna and I were going
to wear red
to show Madison we're not sheep.
Jenna's weak. She'll wear white.
That's my best friend.
And she won't. She promised me.
Anyone want to make
this incredibly boring
conversation interesting?
Your mom left this money
for food.
Now, if Jenna wears white,
Sophia wins the pot.
If Jenna wears red, Sam gets it.
Deal.
SOPHIA:
So, along with whether Jenna
is gonna wear red or white,
here's what we have so far:
jock spills a drink,
three to one;
gym teacher shows
up at ten to one;
and cops bust the party
at 30 to one.
JOHN:
I'll take those odds.
Hey, someone tweeted a
photo of two girls kissing.
Anyone have that?
Mm, those are two boys,
and I did.
Five to one. Pay up.
Boy, parties have changed.
We used to just steal the mascot
from the other school
and get it drunk.
We talking person or animal?
-(chuckles)
-(door closes)
-Oh, no.
-Hey, Pop-Pop.
-We're here to take over
the babysitting duties.
-No, thanks.
The action's pretty good
in here,
and I'm on a hot streak.
-Fat Rob ordered a pizza.
-(chuckles)
Wait, are you guys gambling
on a high school party?
You want in?
I-I think I'm a little
above that, Sam.
I'm not gonna stoop to...
Wait, are you going
ten to one on someone
getting pushed into the pool?
Oh, take that.
The hockey team is there.
That's their only move.
I'm in.
Scoot.
What are you betting?
20.
Changing 20!
Thank you.
Who's that girl
taking a selfie with Jenna?
That-that's Madison.
Why does she have
her arm around her?
SOPHIA:
And Jenna's wearing white.
So hand it over, Pops.
Take it all.
I don't care.
Sam makes the night
all about her.
You owe me ten.
(knock on door)
Hey, Sam.
You okay?
All it took
was me missing one party
for my best friend
to bail on me.
Well, maybe things
will work out.
Th-That's why we gamble.
I thought you gamble
because you came from
a long line of degenerates.
No. We gamble
because we never know
how things are gonna end.
Apparently, hashtag
"Party's busted" is trending.
The police are sending
everybody home right now.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
Someone called the cops?
Yeah, I guess so.
I shouldn't be glad, but I am.
(chuckles)
Yeah, well, don't worry. I'm
not gonna let you lose a friend.
Wait, did you call the cops?
Hmm?
(chuckles)
Oh. Oh.
Thank you, Pop-Pop.
Hey. You had cops bust
the party at 30 to one.
You know, the best
part of gambling
is when you know
the race is fixed.
-(chuckles)
-And you owe me 200 bucks.
Okay.
(chuckles):
Right.
Oh, r-really?
COLLEEN:
It's so fun having you
stay here.
Two half-sisters
living together?
It's like one whole sister.
-(both laugh)
-MATT: All righty.
Oh, is there any more coffee?
-Mm.
-Oh, there is,
but that's the C-word.
(chuckles)
Caffeine is a strict no-no
for soon-to-be baby surrogates.
We did make you
some hot water with lemon,
which is really healthy
for you.
Mm, this just tastes like water.
Yeah, we didn't have any lemon.
-Oh.
-And because you are
a special lady
who is going to be carrying
our one viable embryo,
we got you a little gift.
Ah! (chuckles)
-(chuckles)
-Prenatal pills! Yum!
-Oh.
Yum. Thank you.
No, this is great.
So much better than
a purse or jewelry
or anything you don't swallow.
Can I get that, uh,
childproof lid for you?
-Here we go.
-Guys.
Guys, come on. (chuckles)
I get what you're doing, okay?
I know how important
this is to you.
Okay.
-She didn't take a pill.
-It's okay.
-We can crush one up
in her cereal tomorrow.
-Yeah.
MATT:
Thank you, guys,
so much for having us.
And for the healthy meal.
We've been trying
to force Rita to eat better,
but no one's into lean protein
when you have the munchies.
Yeah. Well, you know what,
listen, we're happy to do it.
The greener the better, right?
For Rita and for us.
Yeah, why do we have
to be punished?
I mean, I don't even know
what utensil to use.
Which fork is for throwing
stuff in the garbage?
I think we should be eating
like this more,
instead of sucking the soul
out of some poor animal.
Oh, come on.
You ate salmon last night.
-And it was deeply traumatic.
-(doorbell rings)
Ooh, that's Rita.
Come on in! Door's open!
-Hi-ee!
I brought fried chicken!
-Oh, great!
-No, no, no, no, no...
You can put that right here.
(mutters)
-COLLEEN: Do something, Matt.
-MATT: Oh!
Wow, Rita!
That's really fried.
Yeah, they call it double-fried.
It's where they bread
fried chicken
and then they fry it.
Oh, I can't believe
you waited in that line.
-Yeah.
-Did you get a side
of the deep fried pizza?
-Oh, did I. (chuckles)
-This stuff melts in your mouth
'cause of a special chemical
they put in the dippin' sauce.
It's less of a dipping sauce
and more of a salty pudding,
-'cause it's so thick.
-Okay, thank you.
You know what?
Rita's not gonna have any
of this,
because salty pudding
is off-limits.
I mean, we're implanting
our embryo in two weeks,
so whatever you eat now is gonna
be lining your uterine wall.
No, trust me.
You eat this stuff,
it does not stop to say hello.
It just comes and goes.
Speaking of which...
Excuse me for a moment.
Fine. I mean, am I even
allowed to sit here?
HEATHER (chuckles):
Uh, well, Rita, hey.
That's my seat.
MATT:
Okay.
How about some salad?
-Huh? Mmm, mmm, mmm.
-Ooh. Mmm.
Ooh, yum!
Wasn't that just in the trash?
Oh, nope. Not all of it.
Okay.
Matt! Matt! Wake up!
Is she back?
No. Not yet.
Why do you keep waking me up
every ten minutes
to tell me she's not back yet?
Because I am worried, and I
need you to be worried with me.
It's 4:00 a.m., and
Rita's still missing.
Unless she's been gone
for at least 48 hours,
she's not technically
considered missing.
I learned that
from watching all those shows
where the girl ends up dead.
-(gasps)
-Oh, crap.
Yeah, exactly. She could be
lying in a ditch somewhere.
Or-or, worse, she could
be finding another sister
to be a surrogate for.
-Oh, honey. Come here.
Come here, come here, come here.
-(whimpers)
I'm sure that
she's probably not dead.
-(women laughing)
-RITA: Wait, shh!
My sister and her old husband
are probably asleep.
Hi. No, we're awake.
And roughly the same age.
It looks like you had fun,
so that's good.
Yeah. It was so good.
This guy that I let feel
me up called me pretty.
Isn't that sweet?
KIM:
And the bar closed at 2:00,
but the bartender had
this really cool van
he let us drive around in.
He gave me a tattoo.
(chuckles)
I can't wait to see what it is.
Well, I'm just glad
you're home safe and sound.
Except for you, dear.
You may have hepatitis.
Okay.
It's, uh, it's time
to hit the sack.
Let's go. Come on.
Oh. No, we're actually
just coming back here
to change and then go back
out. Or we could party here.
I mean, it depends on
what you guys are planning.
Are you, like, gonna stay or...?
'Cause we definitely didn't
buy enough to share.
Am I still sleeping
right now?
No, no. You're wide awake.
And now you're mad,
because I'm mad.
Rita, this is unacceptable.
You cannot be acting
like a child
when you're supposed to be
having one for us.
Ooh, Rita, I think
your mom is pissed.
You agreed to take care
of yourself,
and you are doing
the exact opposite.
And, Matt,
you're supposed to be mad,
and you're not doing anything.
She is not Rita's mom, okay?
Yeah.
What, you don't think
I'm taking care of myself?
No, Rita!
And we're sick of it!
Well, if you're sick of it,
you can find another surrogate!
What does it pay?
And do I have to sleep
with Rita's dad?
Rita, what are you doing?
I'm leaving.
This was a huge mistake.
Why are you acting like this?
I don't even know
if I can get pregnant.
What if my womb is too tiny
and it squeezes the baby
and the baby comes out
too small or, like, too big?
The pressure to give you
this baby... (sighs)
I don't want to disappoint you.
No, no, you won't.
Because just offering
to be our surrogate
is the most incredible thing
anyone has ever done for me.
And Matt one time
bought me earrings
he thought were diamonds.
(chuckles)
And if it doesn't happen?
Then it doesn't.
At least I still have this
special bond with my sister.
(snoring)
-He's the same amount
of happy as me.
-Mm.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH